so for me it's a question of remarkable
to jump into something that already has
a legacy and a family that has been
passed down so i guess it's starting
this kind of William Hartnell and then
and then router them on Baker but being
in now and kind of seeing this as a
response is overwhelming and so now this
as good a time as any available I
realize that it's it's true T popping
I what well as if it was dissolved
really because I'm obviously no one had
a clue who I was and David risk was
misusing the model that producers so a
it was daunting my guest you know it was
a good pressure who was your favorite
cast afternoon dr. transom obviously I
love Tom Baker David was wonderful I
mean I love Chris Eccleston i think is
very you know it's what's great about it
is a free room that you walk into with
the doctor you're all is the most
intelligent person in it which allows to
be the most student and and and that is
hugely different no because you can just
be ridiculous do you have a favorite
episode that you can so far this season
yeah actually the next episode episode
they let's kill hitler is
it's her act she's she's incredible in
it and Stephens on fine form and is a
desert there's a great monster which is
which is important so also we used to
buy it that early on that River yeah
because I find out quite quite some late
I was but I you know I thought it was
good pale and he's so clever Steve and
you know he weaves things in so well and
as we go through the next part of the
season it's um yeah listen listen real
good River stuff and some real could be
the doctor stuff and yeah and carrying
us here today as well and if you could
travel to any other time period what
we're doing to travel to you and why
question i live at this to a go to
Atlantis and then see a fast just you
know going down I go and visit the
dinosaurs but might pick up Frank
Sinatra on the way
some you know it's the 50th year coming
up and stuff so maybe I mean I think
there's a potential to get you know a
few doctors back for announced a bit
about so I don't know minced even have
talked about some stuff but hey you know
John's always welcome to come back and
then straight stuff